c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\MediaPlayer.exe.config
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\MediaPlayer.exe
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\MediaPlayer.pdb
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\Views\MediaPanel.baml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\Views\MediaPanel.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.g.resources
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.exe
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.pdb
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MPWindow.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MPWindow.baml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\MediaPlayer.Common.dll
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\MediaPlayer.Common.pdb
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\Views\PlaybackPanel.baml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\Views\PlaybackPanel.g.cs
